I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study tonight we have an excellent excellent lineup I think
you're gonna particularly those of you who are in the cold those of you who are visiting
sit back and relax for those of you who have ears to hear
tonight is going to go especially deep that's why I want to give a shout out I
want to give a shout out to the people working on the dragon tongue
I'm looking for fish we have at the end of Lady Babylon I
don't you may not have realized it yet but we have at the end the dragon tongue itself which to this day has never been
deciphered the word that is shown to you at the ounce row is the word for Dragon
I welcome I welcome your interest in the
occult tonight I'm gonna take you somewhere where you cannot go
this is a text these are the words tonight
that you will not see anywhere else this is a buried esoteric text and
tonight we're jumping into a deep deep deep deep tonight on lady Babylon
thank you foreign
[Music]
I want to begin tonight to by letting you know that we will be
having a couple of short videos full of all the imagery that is orphic that will
build your initiation for those of you who are
asking I'm behind I don't know what is this and that it's great isn't it to be
able to build an association where only those of us with ears to hear can hear
that's fantastic that is a true mystery that is how the Mysteries function
tonight I want us to put on our orphic solution caps I want you to know I want
you to be sitting on that Throne you have the asterian in your possession
you are sitting on that Throne because tonight we're going in we're going in
deep and we're gonna teach ourselves something about the Bible we will kick
around a few people in the meantime don't worry there's plenty of people to kick around but it's four minutes after
let's get rolling tonight I want you to start with the images that you receive
from Dracula's poet
let's look at Bacchus
[Music] oh [Music]
[Music]
foreign [Music]
foreign
[Music]
that he does in perfect classical Latin which for his time is quite an
achievement let's start with a comment before we
jump into that bakic attack let's get some feedback I just want to bring
you one tonight this is a great comment um thank you very much for sending it
and everybody who sends uh love them I love them bring them coming I do get to
them bring it up Chewie this is fantastic this is from Subhan Allah
inshallah good yeah yeah to Lady Babylon you will pay for this
and my response thank you hail Satan fantastic I just want to say thank you
I am sure insha Allah that I will indeed pay for this
but before I do I just want to let the audience know
the audience who was not members of the Brotherhood of frustration
but for those of you who have ears to hear the funny thing that we don't
reckon those 72 versions I shouldn't tell them this I I don't know how you can let me tell
them okay I'll tell them this those 72 virgins
those are the ones into whose faces you through acid
isn't that interesting that is what the Greeks call erinus
fantastic fantastic hail Satan it's such a good thing it's
such a handsome God rules this prison you know what I mean I love it I love it
okay I'm gonna conjure up I've been distracting you and I'm gonna conjure up now the text I'm gonna put up your text
in Greek and for the uh for those of you who are watching the Medea and commenting thank you I appreciate it I
want you to realize that 80 percent of that 90 of that is just me translating
direct up I don't transition into telling you I'm just translating but I
do and I've got the Greek right in front of me it's my own style it's my own thing so
um where is it coming from I told you I adores here I'm going to do that again tonight but tonight I'm gonna have to
dig down because tonight is one that no classicist is going to want to talk to you about maybe maybe one or two
maybe one or two um but uh let's get it out there are you gonna find an English translation of
this thing hopefully not you couldn't when I when I was uh uh the last time I
looked you couldn't but it wouldn't surprise me if there's one now we don't need one let's go right into it and I
want to tell you we're going right into a cult for those of you who are hanging in with the initiation
tonight we're going into the cult and I want to bring it to you we've
we've seen a lot of the Intercourse we've been to the orgies we've seen a
lot of the a lot of the medicated dildos and we've seen a lot of the just to sum
up for those of you who are coming in halfway through the movie you know we've seen a lot of drugs we've
seen a lot of drugs and I keep talking to you about the snake films
I know the toxicon remember the one that makes you have an erection what they
call today priapism or satsariasis you can worship the god priapus you can you
can worship the god Dionysus you can take on to yourself the
form of a Seder you and I blessed congregation you and I have seen the
text we saw the doctor write about it we saw the doctor tell us what it does to
one's mind right we're looking for that real communion this is not your hippie
grandfather's weed right we're looking for that real Community I want to see him doing it I
want to see him doing that communion let's go in there tonight that's where we're going we're going deep in give me
that give me that first text up there okay I'm gonna read this to you guys and I'm just going to translate it to you
but I'll I want you to know there were some pirates in the first you know uh up above
latest we got some Pirates remember your Pirates that's what Jesus said he wasn't
for people who don't know when Jesus was arrested with a naked boy in a public park at 4 00 a.m screaming I am not a
pirate he was using that term leistes yes it's a term for child trafficker
child trafficker we've got the traffickers here do you remember Dionysus did you guys see in the video
did you see Dionysus getting abducted by those pirates those pirates they tried
they tried but Dionysus defeated them fantastic fantastic we're let's go back
to the text and let me start translating this bad boy um look if anyone
wants to know those things that bring death
this Treatise will teach them oh okay okay it will show them the sort
of things Mortals contrive in the depths of their minds
the sort of things the spirits of the air that float around them shriek
the sort of things they do when they cry
emitting an unseen song in the years of men
these are the prophets of the sky the
prophets of great Zeus they hold their youth
whoever wants I'll show you how to stop that whirring Arrow
that comes from the snake that Hogs the ground I'll show you
how to quench the EOS of that serpent that crawler
I will give to you the light of Cellini
falling into the communion
okay what do you think there's quite a that's quite a creepy bunch of cult stuff going
on there and Wow Let's just you know in a second here we'll pull up some of the
words there and see what kind of words and why am I doing this on a Bible study I am prepping you this is all planned
out right I'm prepping you so that you too can see Joseph and his divining cup
and you say don't make fun of evangelicals where's my whip evangelicals
don't take it just take it take it here's what's coming I know I know no no
no I know you love Joseph I know you do I know you do here we go
are you ready that feels so good bring up the next I want to look at some
of this vocabulary what are these things they're floating around us right these
are the things that walk in darkness wait a minute you mean leave that up there you're the ancient Greeks have a
word for entities that walk in darkness yes
they do and like I told you she's Arenas right the air traversing who is one of
these air traversers who walks in darkness who is she
bad news everyone the Creator is a woman
yes all your phallic oppression
yeah yeah good luck with her
this is Cellini we're talking about this is Cellini isn't this beautiful so
that's what the air Wanderers are you thought that they were a category of
mythological beings now we're talking about the moon fantastic the moon Cellini
let's go back to the next word that I've got here take a look at this one guys this is from the text who are these
people these are the prophets right these are the prophets and I just wanted you to see some of the words that
they're using for this right some of the specific words go to that next one yeah look at this one this
is the verb that it's all coming from right this is not Hebrew you mean the Hebrew prophets are not prophets did you
just hear what you said the Hebrew prophets I'll have you know my friends that Prophet is a Greek word
it is a Greek concept it is a Greek root that is used all over the place
yes yes this is the origin remember classical Hebrew vocabulary tiny tiny
tiny ancient Greek vocabulary
very big very big here's one of those biggies right let's go go to it yeah check out
this one how do I get that yeah here here's what we're looking for here's what we do people for those of you in
the outside the cult cover your eyes in that right
in that ritual when we bring that or geostic high
through the drugs through the drugs and the sexual
intercourse when we're doing that we are drawing down the Moon
the power of the Moon and what does that mean all the any classes you meet can
tell you that drawing down the moon drawn down all the esoteric fruitcakes on the planet can tell you that drawing
down the moon drawing down the Moon they don't know what it means
to draw down the moon because it tells us here you draw down the moon within the whole
within the Venom bring up that Holy bring that bring up that whole egg and look at this look at this bile look at
this bile look at number two the ink of the Cuttlefish wait a minute what that's in nikander's Alexa Pharmaca that's a
drug manual fantastic and what else is it it's the
wait look at the Hebrew okay we just said Hebrew Greek here's a perfect example right here it is I don't take I
don't take pleasuredness I don't take pleasure in this very but it's my duty
to reality to you know be straight up with it okay so look at number three with the
Hebrew a poisonous plant various variously called Hemlock or Poppy
poisonous plant do you see what state the classical Hebrew language is in it
is so infantile it is so non-specific that you don't know if the plant that
you've got is an opium poppy for pain killing or Hemlock to kill you
hmm Julian Julian the apostate come here
Julian come here tell the folks well what was your position
emperor Emperor Roman Emperor fantastic and uh Julian what did you
tell the people about the galileans the people we know
now call Christians what
what they they they're making a mistake with the Hebrew
the there's no show me what Julian says
show me the math show me your works of literature on medicine he says that show
me they have none they have none
what happened what happened it's not their people and we've we've
suffered because of the wake of the attempt to establish Hebrew as the
earliest tax it's not it's not it's not let's keep going do you see that go back
to that definition do you see that they they the language itself can't even distinguish between two plants within a
pharmacopoeia for the Greeks has thousands of species
now there is a secret in translation
it's unidirectional can only go one way
yeah you can only go one way you cannot take a text and translate it with a
higher degree of technicality than it possessed and that's what we've got going on in
your Bible in your Bible the great level level of technological
achievement is higher it can't be a translation for example in
Noah's Ark I just want to bring up Noah's Ark somebody asked me about the Ozark
in Noah's Ark when the building instructions are given
in the Greek it talks about the first and the second floor
of the structure that's being built and the technical term is the area of this roofed
first floor second floor fantastic what is the Hebrew say for
that the it says the first and the second without any four without any architectural reference what it's just
first and second whereas the Greek uses two terms that are architectural terms
with the word first and second in them with the floors the people who back
translated the Hebrew obviously couldn't handle the technical advancement of the
Greek that is not what translators do
translators do not dump technicality into a text
you can't make a text more technical than you got it it doesn't work that way
it's dishonest and it's propagandistic so here we go I'm sorry let's get back
let's get to the exciting stuff here we need to go back to that one more time to the holy I just want to show people the
Holy One More Time notice that the bottom people here look at that look at number four serpents Venom oh okay now I
know where I am I'm at the serpent Venom oh wait a minute number five a bitter drink in Matthew when he's sitting on
the cross remember people who haven't caught up Jesus is standing on the cross ah he's screaming about being thought
I'm so thirsty you start screaming out magic terms
stuff like that right before he croaks they offer him a they offer him a drink
that's got this in it okay fantastic that's what we've got in
our text we've got that substance in there oh this is wonderful this is
wonderful let me just go back and make sure that we covered everything from that initial text I just want to make sure
um I want you guys to notice on line 46 those of you who are in Greek I want you to start looking for the orphic terms
Otto currents Vox orphica DC Online 46 Yakaz dontes
don't test you see that that is that cry to shout yakis to shout yakis and what
does it do when you cry iocas it makes a song that is invisible it makes a song
that is invisible who is doing such things line 47
oyonoi those are take it down those are
those prophets of the air those prophets of the year for those of
you with ears to hear prophets of the air that tell us the signs are you ready I'm going to show
those to you because I want you to be Joseph I want you to just bury your face
just open up his coat of many colors just bury your face in the middle of his
chest that's what I want Joseph I want you I want you to smell him tonight are you ready are you ready okay let's go to
the next text that I've got boom yep um we're gonna look at night uh the uh
Cellini just briefly I just want you to see here's a hymn to Salini and I want you to notice yes she is that Great
Goddess Queen she is that one who admits the light that defines Cellini the one
with the horns of the bull ride the one who was in the air that
night walking meanie rise she is that nocturnal one look at the very last line
on this page teles foreign
yeah let's see what what we can make of that tell us for us is one who brings
fulfillment it's used by Homer thanks right able to a filter or fulfill or
accomplish okay okay having the management or ordering look at the very
bottom Look it's even a deity worshiped and Company right with asclepius and hygeia and the telestris fans out there
are are roaring are roaring to last for us you mean Cellini is to less for us
yes yes yes did you notice in him that said she was
both male and female said she was both male and female and now we just clipped
off every monest every monotheist in the group we just clipped him off like
pinching off something yes we just clipped them off fantastic yeah show that go ahead did you throw
that up there um oh here um you know what it's time it's time for uh to bring
back Dracula's poet now try to try to drink in the blood of them [Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you [Music]
did you see the initiates there it's that light that we want to bring to
them I am that light
all right that's what she says I am that light and if you have a boy do
you smell Jesus with his naked boy because I do if you have a boy you can find that
light we're gonna suck that light right out of that serpent Venom
do you know why they call the satanists those who follow the serpent
yeah yeah because it turns out it turns out that chemical ride is such
a biological necessity that you have to open up your eyes you have to open up
your eyes if you don't open up your eyes you're not born again you're not born again
yeah we bring you the power of Cellini we bring you that
in the form of that creature that hugs the ground that hugs the ground for you
evangelicals out there is this satanic yes yes definitely is and do you know
why do you know why because we're talking about the mother of Cronus that's what we're talking about
we're talking about the mother the lightbringer we're talking about she who
sits next to Dawn yes fantastic that milky breast that
Jesus produces that milk flowing breast that he's holding within his fancy
apocalyptic brazier yeah you you didn't think you knew cult
now you're now you're learning some cult wait a minute what yeah
it's the milk brother it's the milk there's a way to say things so that
people don't get the word right I'm not saying these things so you
can understand right no I have certain people I want
and those people I'll open their ears yeah
yeah so it's through the moon isn't that creepy culty I love it it's gorgeous
let's bring it bring back um go back to the um to Cellini please uh go to wait what
was that one yeah go to the second one and here's the end of the hymn um by the way that hymn that we did in the clip it
wasn't it wasn't uh the first one was Dracula's part the second one was
um attributed to the orphics yeah fantastic and the first thing we looked
at tonight was attributed to them as well you mean we've got the poison in there
in those texts yes we do so in classicists turn to me and say huh
huh well you just don't have sources no I do you people just don't read them
that's the problem and that's why I'm bringing this to you so that you can have it isn't that nice let's go to the
next one I love this here's more goodies for everyone let's spread it around look at the end of this hymn look at the end
of this hymn look what he calls her on the end of the first line yeah it turns out she is the all-wise
Korra isn't that gorgeous their Mysteries always come back to that Korra it's
absolutely gorgeous and um what does she do she's saving people she's saving
people there at the bottom right um yeah this is the sotera we're right
in the cult we're right in the cold okay now what about Joseph you promised me Joseph right I promise to get intimate
come on Joseph where'd you go no don't pull that Regal stuff I don't care who you worked for get over here get over
here let's go to the next next text here yeah yeah yeah oh um yeah here um Moses
hang on just sit down Joseph Moses get up here are you guys ready for this I'm going to show you Moses the real one
um there aren't going to be any prostitutes of the daughters of Israel
there's not gonna be anybody porn hating for many of the sons of Israel and
there's not going to be a to last for us among the daughters of Israel and
there's not going to be a tale menos among sons of Israel take it down you
see Jehovah who never gets photographed because he's ugly right Devils all over
the place everybody knows devil best looking right everybody knows that devil best
looking Jehovah you don't take my picture right
he doesn't do so good in camera yeah yeah you say oh there I catch you
everybody knows God is invisible yes yes shine a light on him though and
his ugliness comes out his ugliness love it love it love it love it
okay let's go to the let's go to the next text we're bringing him in bring him in where's the right after that one
yeah I just want to see Genesis 4 44 5. yeah um so what has happened here Joseph
is explained to us take it down Rebecca Joseph explained to us what happened you were tricking your brothers yeah and you
put a your cup of divination into one of them sacks so that they were caught and
he sent a guard up hey you stole the cup and they come back and we don't have a big party
right remember that your cup of divination what is that what is that
let's bring up that text again yeah watch this watch isn't this the thing
you know the cop in which my Lord drinks yeah he himself works his divination
look at those words on that second line or your needs a tie in our door
oh God love it to all your needs though what does that mean please tell me take
it down please tell me that's a translation of the Hebrew no it's not no it's not it's highly technical
terminology that if you look at what the Hebrew turns it into the classical
Hebrew turns it into it's a shame it's a shame and it's laughable it's so bad
it's laughable yeah this is a terrible anybody who's
reading a Bible today if it says Bible on the cover and you were reading
the Old Testament you're reading garbage garbage
garbage anybody who is reading a Hebrew based Old Testament is reading a
terrible translation of a fantastic perfectly normal Greek work
yeah isn't that weird isn't that weird thing about it for a moment you're living in a lie where
people go to churches and synagogues people of the book go to go to mosques
and they think what they are reading is based upon what was really written it's
not it's a it's a terrible translation of a very sophisticated and beautiful
group of Greek works fantastic and that's where all this terminology is coming from it's where
it's all coming from let's go down to the next one please yeah um so what happens here's the entire
passage you know he says isn't this the cop you know the one that I have my things notice on the first line that I
Divine from this will be Transit not us on the first line we noticed that the cop at the end of the sentence
it's silver take it down why does he have a silver cup that is using the same
Greek root that we just saw in the orphic text that we had that we translated right at the top
huh because it's part of the technology that is how you divine in a silver
container you look into it and what do you need what do you need to perform the
canomancy under the moonlight foreign
you need the holy of that Viper you need that hole and you need a boy
okay you need the holy and you need the boy so when Jesus
is in the Garden of Gethsemane and he's got something that's making him thirsty
just like the holy does and he's got that naked kid with him
he's in a position for us to say in court that he was a diviner
yeah he was a deviner this guy is historically a divider he meets all the criteria for it he's using all the right
titles he's got all the right drugs he's got the naked kid
for those of you didn't know Jesus was with a naked Kid Mark 14 51 52.
please write to me and tell me what that naked kid was doing there
yeah fantastic fantastic let's go let's go to the we got a couple more I got a
couple goodies for you I'm just going to throw in go ahead because I think they're they're important look at this look at this
um the silver cup up that's not important it's just I want you to notice it's silver why are they using the
silver cops by the way some of you witches can tell me yeah silver cup mirror mirror on the
wall baby capture that Moonlight love it somebody passed the snake venom
let's go to the next one fantastic oh I just thought this was funny I was looking at the Hebrew just
to see what kind of nonsense they would pull look um this word signifies to view
attentively to learn by a tent of observation or experience to his whisper to Divine to encant it's also a serpent
it's also the hissing it's also some brass copper and iron does anybody see
what's going on if you study a language take it down it's embarrassing if you
study a dead language like I do um and you get a word that is a shotgun
of completely different concepts you know they're not using a root
yeah because those roots bind you to certain meanings you can't just slap together what
somebody's doing when they do that is they're trying to say um this word was also used for this word
and also used for this word and also use in other words we don't know yeah and when you get back translations
of the Greek this is what they're forced to do they were forced those Orthodox
rabbis were forced to do this you've got to take what you've got and work with it
or else it's not the it's not the language of God yeah it's sad sad but you know when you
they painted themselves into a corner I don't think we should feel sorry for people who
who have have betrayed reason we've got to stay in that realm of
Reason we've got to know right because what happens when you betray reason you
start to believe lies in next thing you know is you're just
living one gigantic lie yes fantastic let's stay true man stay
true here's a shout out for staying true next one but uh
there we go um I want everybody to look at Bruce Metzger at the bottom of this I'm gonna
stop um worrying about those of you who who are under the delusion that Hebrew is
the language of the Old Testament and I'm just going to show you Bruce Metzger this is what he said is outstanding
textual critic there's all sorts of there's all sorts of people on here Scholars and I was going to read all
these to you guys about the letter of aristeas which long story short is a
forgery that was meant to say the world in which we live is one where the
original Hebrew scriptures were translated by the Greeks under Ptolemy philadelphus yeah and that's not the
case not only did aristes never live but anybody who reads it can recognize
right away it's just propaganda it's just a way of taking over a source or an
origin and saying that belongs to us because it's originally in the Hebrew it's not originally in the Hebrew
so this is what Massacre says most Scholars who have analyzed the letter have concluded the author cannot have
been the man who represented himself to be but was a Jew who wrote a fictitious account in order to enhance the
importance of the Hebrew scriptures by suggesting that a pagan King had recognize their significance and
therefore arranged for the translation into Greek um yeah what we're trying to do next and
what we're trying to do is we're trying to create a world no I'll just go this way we're trying to create a world where
um we can justify certain things right and the Christians were perfectly happy to roll with it
right because it only buttresses them anybody who's a person of the book
right I'm talking about those great three religions they are based on an historical lie
and I'm saying lie because it was intentional it was a misrepresentation of History
a misrepresentation of history and surely there's somebody sitting in this
audience today somebody who can say Roy a lot of bad things happen when
people lie yeah they do a lot of bad things happen and if your Society
doesn't worship Lady Justice you're gone that's it
um let's go let's go to that last quote I want to pull this up here just to give people
um somebody asked me about Armenian stuff and I came across this and I thought
this is perfect it's quite perfect right for everybody who has ears to hear who's
watching me now you know what this says they call that color Armenian right they
call it Armenian it's just like it's just like what it's just like cow
okay what is look at this the mirax purple porfura
yes there's our burning purple fantastic there's our burning purple and
do you know what root this is uh following they'll tell you here the guys at Oxford they didn't know right it
doesn't appear to be a Greek root it doesn't appear to be a great group but
we know that the cow hey that burning purple which is that thing that brought
the bakic Empire that Kake is using the same letters
that caucus uses huh the caulkians
huh interesting those people in Georgia modern day Georgia with their Kingdom
fantastic the archeology is going right back there right back there to those
cultures on the Black Sea it's so exciting love it love it love it that
burning purples and everything people the pulaskians brought it the Phoenicians peddled it
the Culkin's mastered the mystery that used it
and from that the bakic Empire permeated the world this is fantastic you guys have been
outstanding audience tonight I want to encourage you to continue sending
comments because I would like to begin increasing my engagement and I'll start
my increased engagement with my gracious audience who gives me 44 minutes of
their time twice a week I want to say thank you and in order to
say thank you I would like to start engaging so anything that you've got
right now I'm going to look over your comments and I'm going to look over the chat anything that you've got right now
questions throw them in there anything that you want to see anything that you
wanna you wanna you wanna maybe take the ship a little bit next week somewhere else we take it somewhere else I don't
know you want to go you want to go back to the century I don't know you got some sexy stuff back there fantastic but I'd
like to increase the participation just as my way of saying thank you
um to my Greek students
we don't have that much time before I need a cracked Dragon tongue so remember
everybody it's on the end of the show in the outro come and see the dragon tongue
help us figure out what's going on and hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]